README.md, before:

# BrowserQuest

BrowserQuest was a HTML5/JavaScript multiplayer game experiment setup in 2012 by the Mozilla project. The project was not being maintained or updated, the website went down some of the dependencies disappeared. The javascript language changed and I wasn't able to find a running version or instructions that still worked anywhere. The goal of this repository fork is to have a stable version that works and can be deployed on a server via Ubuntu Bash Script, on a virtual machine with Vagrant, and on a Docker Container.

## Documentation

Documentation is located in client and server directories.

## License

Code is licensed under MPL 2.0. Content is licensed under CC-BY-SA 3.0.
See the LICENSE file for details.

## Credits

2020 Fixes and Updates by:

- Colorado Stark- [Colorado Stark](http://www.coloradostark.com)

Original Project Created by [Little Workshop](http://www.littleworkshop.fr):

- Franck Lecollinet - [@whatthefranck](http://twitter.com/whatthefranck)
- Guillaume Lecollinet - [@glecollinet](http://twitter.com/glecollinet)

Commit message:

changed ports of client to 80

README.md, after:

# BrowserQuest

BrowserQuest was a HTML5/JavaScript multiplayer game experiment setup in 2012 by the Mozilla project. The project was not being maintained or updated, the website went down some of the dependencies disappeared. The javascript language also had major changes in 2016 which created issues with the code.

I wasn't able to find a good running version or instructions on how to set this up that still worked anywhere. The goal of this repository fork is to have a stable version that works and can be deployed on an Ubuntu web server via Bash Script, or a on a vagrant virtual machine, or on a Docker container.

## Documentation

Documentation is located in client and server directories.

## License

Code is licensed under MPL 2.0. Content is licensed under CC-BY-SA 3.0.
See the LICENSE file for details.

## Credits

2020 Fixes and Updates by:

- Colorado Stark- [Colorado Stark](http://www.coloradostark.com)

Original Project Created by [Little Workshop](http://www.littleworkshop.fr):

- Franck Lecollinet - [@whatthefranck](http://twitter.com/whatthefranck)
- Guillaume Lecollinet - [@glecollinet](http://twitter.com/glecollinet)
